Every video you're seeing right now was
made simply by prompting Claude. So
Claude actually just got a new skill
called Remotion. And people are using it
to create product demos, motion
graphics, YouTube videos, even full-on
presentations just by typing what they
want. And to prove this actually works,
I'm going to be using it to edit the
entire video you're going to be watching
right now. Normally I hand this off to
my editor, but today I'm just going to
be prompting the whole video. So, if
this video looks slightly different,
that's why you're watching the proof.
And in this video, I'm going to be
breaking down how you can get started in
three levels. So, first, we're going to
get set up. So, that means we're going
to install what we need. We're going to
connect the skills. Then, we're going to
be making your first videos. This is all
from scratch with your own footage and
adding some more graphics. Then, we'll
be diving deeper by adding voiceovers,
generated visuals, and turning anything
you want into a video. Even if you have
zero technical background, you'll be
able to do this because all we're going
to be doing is simply speaking to
Claude. Let's get into it. Okay, so
before we set anything up, I need to
explain to you how Claude actually uses
skills because this is really the key to
how everything works. So, think of
Claude like a chef, a really talented
chef who can follow any recipes, knows
which ingredients go together, and all
the fancy techniques. But the thing is,
if you put that chef in an empty
kitchen, they can't cook anything. So to
make videos, we need to give Claude the
Remotion skill. We're saying, "Here's
everything you need, and you're going to
use this to make me videos." And without
that skill, Claude can describe a video.
But with the skill, Claude can actually
make these come to life. All right. So
to get started, what you need is Claude
Desktop. So all I'm doing is just
googling Claude Desktop, going right
here, and then what you want to do is
just download either the Mac or the
Windows version.
Okay, great. So, just open up Cloud. I
reinstalled it. And you see right here,
there's chat, co-work, and code. Uh,
you're probably going to be greeted at
chat and you hit the co-work. And that's
the easiest way to get started. All
right. Okay. Now that we have Claude
installed, what we need to do is give it
the ability to create videos. And the
way we do that is by giving it a skill.
So, let me show you how to do that. So,
I'm going to go back to my browser and
in the link in the description below, I
have the link to this community where
you'll see inside this classroom in
YouTube video resources in the bottom, I
actually made a guide for you guys to
follow. But all you have to do is like
take this thing npx skills add reotion
dev skills, right? This is kind of like
a cheat code you're giving Claude where
it's going to be downloading all those
skills and it's going to be able to
create videos for you. All right. So,
right here, I'm just going to copy paste
that and be like, "Hey, can you set this
up for me?" And one more thing I want to
show you is right here inside work in a
folder. I'm going to choose a different
folder because I want all my videos to
be self-contained somewhere, right?
So, let me put this somewhere like here.
Let's make a new folder. Let's call it
um videos or let's call it remotion
videos. Okay, cool. Cool. So, I'm a
little organized now. I opened that.
Now, it has there. Now, let's hit let's
go. Cool. And I'm going to wait for it
to work.
So, it just got done installing the
skill. Now, we should be good to go to
create videos. And it was as simple as
that. All right. Now, let's create a
video. So, for this example, I just open
up my website, booktend.ai. And what I
want is, let's say, a really simple
product demo. So, I'm going to enter
this and I'm going to be like, "Hey,
with Remotion, can you create a product
demo with the copy on the website? I
want you to use the same colors." So,
white background, black text, uh, blue
accent colors, use the pictures from
inside Booked.ai, and create me a motion
graphic product demo that I can see.
All right, cool. Now I did that. I'm
going to hit enter and I'm going to
wait.
Okay, that's kind of cool. So, you see
because I told it to go grab my assets
from the website, what it just asked me
to do is it asked me for permission to
use my browser. Then cloud co-work
literally is going to the website. It's
scraping whatever it needs to and using
that to create the video. All right, so
it's saying it got done, but just from
my experience, I know there is some
problem here that we probably need to
troubleshoot. And you can actually see
it says it for us. The Remotion Studio
server is running. However, I'm running
a a sandboxed VM. I won't be able to do
this stuff for you. Okay, what that
means pretty much is that, hey, Cloud
Co-work is not as good, so move over.
Um, so what I'm going to do for you
right now, as you can see, is I'm going
to just hit code because right now it
just made me like a little slideshow,
which I don't want. I want a video. So,
what I'm going to go back to is I'm
going to go to code and then I'm going
to select the same folder that we were
working on.
And this is cloud code. So, this is like
the final evolution. And I suggest just
use this if you if you have access to
it. And I'm going to say uh plan ask and
then just go starts immediately. Okay.
In the Remotion video, I wanted you to
build me the video, Remotion video for
Bookedin.
Can you make that product demo for me?
Spin up the server and show it to me.
Give me the link.
Okay, so it just asking for some
permissions and let's see what it does.
Okay, great. So, this one seemed to have
worked. Now, if I said your reotion
server is running, if I click this,
let's open the link. Oh, nice. Okay, let
me play this.
Awesome.
Okay, so I can see it got the copy from
my website. There's some good motions.
And this is just off me simply
prompting. I'm just trying to keep this
easy. All right. So now I want to make
sure you guys know how to do this. So
let's say you can see it's not using the
correct logo, right? And I wanted to use
my own logo. So little edits like that.
Maybe you want this like in a different
position, etc. Anything you'd want, you
can edit it by essentially just talking
to Cloud Code right here. So, what I'm
going to do is I'm going to insert my uh
logo. All right. So, I'm going to look
for my logo. So, here it's booked.png.
I'm going to drag it over here and be
like, "Hey, can you make sure it's using
this asset?" Save it to the folder and
make sure whenever a logo is used, this
specific asset is being used.
And I'm going say, "Trust this
workspace." And I'm going to let it go
ahead. Okay, great. So, it just got
done. So, let me go click it and check
it out. It's saying click this thing,
open link. Okay, cool. So, you see it
has my logo. It's doing all this
motions. Now, let's say I do like this.
What I could do is I can hit this render
button and I can hit render video and
it's going to start giving me the
outputed video if I like it. Right? But
it's as simple. You can start editing
your logos, adding your own components,
etc. Okay, so this is just the most
tiptop level of how you can make these
videos. Now, let's dive in and let me
show you how to make this way more
useful.
All right, so we just learned how to
make basic videos. Now, let's go a
little bit deeper and get into level
two. And level two is about skill
stacking. What that means is now with
level two, the idea is we should
maintain consistent styling across every
video we can make. Maybe we'll also use
defined assets. So maybe you have all
your pictures, videos, all these stuff
in one centralized location. So the AI
can go fetch it from there and always
use those to create the videos. And then
with level two with skill stacking, we
can also do things like add sound to
these videos, add voiceovers, all the
stuff. So naturally, that begs the
question, how do you do that? So right
now, what we did is we gave Claude
access to Remotion to create those
simple videos.
But what we're going to do now is we're
also going to be giving it skills of
letting it use stuff like Nano Banana
Pro, 11 Labs, and Remotion, and then use
the powers of all of them together to
create much better videos that can do
voice that can generate images and
create really, really nice branded
videos. So, let me show you an example
that I had and I was just playing with.
So, here I'll play this video. Meet
Bookedin, your complete AI powered sales
engagement platform. Let's take a quick
tour of what makes Booked so powerful.
First, your real-time dashboard. See
every metric that matters at a glance.
Okay, so you don't need to see the whole
thing, but what I wanted to show you is
that one, this has a voice over with 11
Labs, but two, this is really cool that
it maintains my style and also because
it has access to my codebase for book
10, it literally takes those components
and then creates these Remotion videos
with my component so everything stays
consistent. So that's really cool and
it's really easy to do. So let me show
you how to do that. Okay. So, how we're
going to train Claude and make it
remember the many skills we're going to
give it is through this thing called the
claude.m MD or agent.m MD. All right?
And all an agent.m MD is is imagine it's
like a notebook. So, let's say you teach
the AI to do something. We're just going
to be like, "Hey, write it down in your
notes and next time I ask you to do the
same thing, go look in that book and do
the same thing." Okay? So, that's about
it. and let me show you how to set that
up. All right, so I'm back to Claude and
all I'm going to do is be like, "Hey,
can you create a claude MD file for
yourself?" And here we want to store the
instructions of if I ask you to create a
video, you're going to use Remotion. And
when I'm going to be giving you access
to new skills or new things to use,
you're going to be using the new
services. So right now, I just want you
to make a cloud. MD so I can look at it.
This is going to be the set of
instructions that we're going to be
appending and making better over time. I
want you to if you learn something new
that we use and I keep asking for it to
update this document and always look
into it when we're when I ask you to do
something.
And that's about it. And I'm
intentionally keeping it kind of easy to
do and just speaking to it like kind of
a person because I feel like anyone can
pick it up in that way. Even if you make
mistakes, you can just ask the cloud to
do something and it gets it done. So for
example uh right now here I'm going to
pull up my uh folder that we worked on
before. Remember it was reotion videos.
And you see there's a claw empty file
now. So if I open it up, it's just a
document. That's about it. It's just a
notebook that Claude is saving and stuff
to do. Okay, cool. Now, what I want to
do is make sure Claude has access to use
other skills, right, and other
abilities. So, the way I'm going to be
giving it access to use Nano Banana Pro
and 11 Labs is through this service
called Wavespeed. So, let me go to
Wavespeed. So, I just pulled up
Wavespeed. I'm going to sign in really
quickly. And what I want you to do is,
you know, just hit this thing called get
API key and then copy this and then
paste it in cloud. So I'm going to just
skip through this part so I don't expose
my API key. But what I want you to do is
this. Hey, here is the wave speed API
key. I want you to make the skill out of
this. So and put it in cloud.MD MD that
whenever I ask you to create a voice
over, I want you to use 11 Labs V3 model
because I think that works the best in
terms of generating voiceovers. And then
if I want you to generate pictures, I
want you to use Nano Banana Pro. Use
Wave Speed. Here's my API key.
So you do this,
you enter your API key and then you hit
enter
and then you wait. All right. So, now
that's done, what I'm going to do is,
hey, with the booked 10 video we just
made, can you add a voice over with 11
Labs from the wave speed API I just gave
you.
All right, so it got done. Let's open it
up and check it out. Open link. Uh, let
me hit play.
>> Powered scheduling made simple.
Tired of scheduling chaos? Endless back
and forth.
>> Okay, so uh we get the gist now. We have
generated a video and added a voice over
to it. That's crazy, right? Okay, so
this was level two in terms of stacking
skills on how you can add more graphics,
more pictures, and you know, it's just
about you being creative and asking for
what you want. Now, let me show you
level three. Okay, awesome. Now, we
learned how to stack skills on Claude
and actually make videos more
interactive with voiceovers, pictures,
all that stuff, right?
Cool. Now, for level three, and this is
how I'm actually creating the video
you're watching right now, is by
chaining videos. So, at a high level,
what I did was essentially I made a
bunch of different videos for my intro.
So, if you rewatch my intro, you'll see
there'll be a bunch of different videos.
So, what happens is I made a script and
I told Claude, "Hey, make individual
videos for each section." So you see how
I have a bunch of different videos like
for example this is the WhatsApp one
this is the skill explainer
all these right so what I did
was for chaining these videos this was
the process number one if you want to
make long YouTube videos with this you
want to have let's say an outline or a
script then you feed that into cloud and
you're like hey for each of these
sections make a new video. And if you
like each one, then you put in your
entire recording. So I put in my
recording and I said, "Make a new video
with myself in the bottom and all those
videos chained together." Okay? And
that's about it. So what it does,
Claude, it becomes the orchestrator. It
stitches the intro, the outro, the
middle, all these stuff. it stitches it
together and then creates this behemoth
of a final video that you're seeing
right now. So that is ultimately how you
do it and it's as simple as going to the
finder. So for example, since we were
working with this Remotions video folder
is the same thing as me. If I finish
recording this video, I drop it in here
and I'm like, "Hey, stitch the videos
together." And Claude just takes care of
the rest. So, this is just one small
portion of how this will be done. But if
you want to learn how to actually take
this to the next level and have this be
working autonomously, watch this video
right here where you can use those
skills to make these videos be generated
on autopilot and actually do all your
marketing if you